credential user registration details API is deprecated (#21798)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/credentialuserregistrationdetails.md

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> > The credential user registration details API is deprecated and will stop returning data on June 16, 2026. Please use the new [User registration details](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/userregistrationdetails?view=graph-rest-beta) API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> The credential user registration details API is deprecated and will stop returning data on June 16, 2026. Use the new [User registration details](../resources/userregistrationdetails.md) API instead.
```
